Chapter 8: Transforms and Transitions:

CSS3 was revolutionary it seems. Haha. Now you can transform/transition things like mad.

Transform stuff-

They don't work on inline elements. Use block or inline-block.

translate(x, y) moves things relative to it's current position. Can also use translateX()
  and translateY() to move it only in one direction.
scale(x, y) makes things bigger/smaller. Only one variable will be used for both.
rotate()... rotates. Wild. Positive is clockwise, negative is counter-clockwise.
skew() stretches it all funky in whatever direction. I have a feeling I won't use this.
transform-origin will move where the transforms stem from, if that makes sense.

Order of transforms does matter, and all need to be in one block/statement. Transforms 
  will update the axis/potitions for the next one in line.

Still takes up the same space/size as before, while altering an actual property will not.

Transition stuff-

Simple animations by letting changes happen over time instead of immediately.

Declared in the original state, then it transitions in the new state automatically.
You can't transition between hidden and visible.

Older browsers might not support transitions, only the update without looking pretty.

transition-property tells which property needs the transition- color, position, etc. The
  default is all properties that are changed. Use commas to select more than one.
transition-duration decides how long it takes. s=seconds, ms=milliseconds. 200ms is the
  standard optimum time.
transition-timing-function does even more specific timing, like ease (-in, -out or both),
  linear, etc.
transition-delay does exactly what you think it would.
transition is the shorthand version, includes all 4 of the ones above.

Animation stuff-

Syntax:
@keyframes myAnimation {
  include keyframes here
}

Okay this stuff is confusing. I'm going to have to watch some videos about keyframes.

First you create it, using the synax above. Then you attach it to an element by using
  animation-name: myAnimation; and animation-duration: (time); in the element's block.

animation-iteration-count defines how many times the animation will play through.
animation-direction decide if it moves forward or backward, or back and forth.
animation-delay does what you think. Haha.
animation-fill-mode is confusing. forwards means the beginning will start with the first 
  animation value instead of it's natural value. backwards means it will keep the last 
  animation value after it ends, instead of it's natural one. btoh would do both, and 
  none would make it go to it's natural value before and after.
animation-play-state can be running or paused.
animation is the shorthand. Careful with the name to not include words like running, etc.

Chapter 12: Canvas, SGV, and Drag and Drop:

Canvas-

Lets you basically draw whatever you want, then animate it with transforms/transitions.
Wowza there's a lot you can do with this stuff. I feel like I'll have to relearn it when
  I actually use it for something.
Good for not having to load images from elsewhere for pretty-ing up pages with visuals.

Apple originally invented the Canvas API!

HTML Syntax-
<canvas>Text here will only show if it's not supported<canvas/>
Javascript Syntax-
var canvas = document.getElementById("myCanvas");
var context = canvas.getContext("2d");

SVG-

Seems easier than canvas for most things. All of these seems like I'll have to have a 
  specific situation to use them and it won't be much, but I could obviously be wrong
  about that.
Nevermind, it's only easier for simple things I think. Use Inkscape or other for more
  complicated SVG drawings.

Drag and Drop-

I like this. Idk why but drag and drop items seem so great to me.

<htmlElement draggable="true"></htmlElement> draggable isn't boolean, so fr say 'true'.
Javascript events- dragstart, dragover, drop. Add to the element taking the dragged item.

When an item is dragged, we save it's id in the DataTransfer object.

event.preventDefault() works to override items not being able to accept dragged elements.

Questions:

* What does -webkit- do/mean and when should I use it? I've always wondered about that.

* How does steps() work? The explanation was confusing.

* What does the @ symbol actually do in CSS? I see it around but don't understand what it
  is technically for.

* Why would you ever draw an image in Canvas instead of just using that image?

